## What I like about Koji?

Koji is ushuring in a new renaissance by putting the power of app creation into everyone's hands.

Building apps with Koji puts me in that creative flow. Because Koji handles the grunt work, that creative flow is sustained.
When I'm ready for my creation to be alive on the internet it only takes a couple of clicks. I send links to friends and family and post it to the Koji discord. We all love seeing what has been built... it feels like gifting. 

And it is so easy to build an application, anyone can do it. I know if I run into an issue the Koji team is going to help me out. Koji feels like a supportive community where everyone is equal. No one person in the community is better than anyone else. All ideas are welcome and everyone has the same power to create and share.


I love how all of the apps are auto-magically Progressive Web Applications (PWA). For those that don't know, PWAs are an amazing technology that lets people install the app from the browser to their desktop or homescreen almost instantly. It brings with your app all of the functionality of a local application. I have a Koji game library of all of my friend's games and apps on my phone to play with when ever I want, even offline. The installed PWAs are updated automatically when a new version is released.






I also love being able to jump on any computer and pick up where I left off.
If I want to develop locally and push the changes to Koji I can.
Playing with a new idea and then taking it to production in a couple of clicks is extremely satisfying.
Setting up a frontend or backend route is super easy. 
It only requires adding a koji.json file with three values. Registering the routes is handled automatically.


Creative collaborative and supportive community.
A Creative expression.
Koji is ushuring in a new renaissance by putting the power of app creation into everyone's hands.


Learning what a 'lock delay' in Tetris really means.


It is a place for everyone to be a creator.

Koji is family and freedom.

Forming new games and apps by building off of ones that came before it. Testing out new types of gameplay mechanics. Theming a Koji game to gift to friends and family.



A place for every creator.

A playground to play for art, sound, music, and coding. 

It is easy to get help

Taking a template and adding to itFun, supportive, 


Koji has become my go to for entertainment. Not passive consumption of entertainment, but the active creation of entertainment, which is extremely entertaining! The Koji team is geniune, welcoming to all and super fun.


History since Koji has changed for me. For Easter, I modded frogger into rabbit hop. On mother's day, I sent a personalized game instead of a card. Life has changed since Koji. 

Koji is naturally collaborative

Addingbuilding off what has been put in play or taking it in another direction. 

The 


